Rename "latest" version switch to "dev" (#971)
napari/docs: docs/howtos/docker.md

## For development

The Docker images are also useful for developers who need to debug issues on Linux.

> The images include the latest stable napari version published on PyPI by default, but you can also install your own local version of napari if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The images include the most recent stable napari version published on PyPI by default, but you can also install your own local version of napari if needed.
```
